Welcome to this section on machine learning.
So machine learning is not something you need to know
in-depth for the exam but there are a few
certification services that you need to know.
So the first one is Amazon Rekognition,
and as the name indicates, it's used to recognize objects,
people, text and scene in images and videos
using machine learning.
So you can do facial analysis and facial search
to do user verification and count people.
And with this, we can create a database of familiar faces
or compare against celebrities.
The use cases for Rekognition would be labeling,
content moderation, text detection,
face detection and analysis,
for example the gender, the age range and the emotions,
face search and verification, celebrity recognition,
and finally, pathing.
So if you wanna learn more, you can check out their website
which I think is very helpful.
So on the Rekognition websites,
we can we can automate our image and video analysis
with machine learning.
And I really like this website
because it shows you how it works.
So for example, for this image,
we can identify the elements of this image,
for example, a person, a rock and mountain bike,
a crest and outdoors.
We can label, for example, what we see in the images,
for example, Golden Retrievers or dogs.
Then I can look at content moderation
to make sure that it's appropriate for all ages.
I can detect text, for example for a run,
we want to see the numbers of each runner in the run.
We can do face detection and analysis.
For example, this person looks happy, she is smiling,
her eyes are open and she's a female.
Face search and verification,
maybe if you have a security application.
Finally, if you want to recognize a celebrity,
you can take a picture of them,
and this is the CTO of AWS.
And then finally, pathing.
For example, if you're monitoring a soccer game,
you could see where everyone is going to do
maybe some real time analytics.
So Rekognition is just a service you need to know
at a high level for the exam
but I really like this page
because it demonstrate the use cases.
I will see you in the next lecture.